
                                                         Halli Galli & New Battle privacy policy

This software(Halli Galli & New Battle) respects and protects the personal privacy of all service users. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this software will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service use agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service use agreement.

1. Scope of application

a) When you use this software network service, this software will not collect your information

2. Use of information

a) After obtaining your data, the software will upload it to the server to generate your ranking data so that you can better use the service.

3. Information Disclosure

a) This software will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.

b) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial institutions in accordance with relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions;

4. Information storage and exchange

The information and data collected by this software about you will be stored on the servers of this software and/or its affiliated companies. This information and data may be transmitted to your country, region or outside the country where the software collects the information and data and in Visited, stored and displayed outside the country.

5. Information Security

a) When using this software network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please properly protect your personal information and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, please contact the customer service of the software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.
